the existence of this print method in
lists 61 B means we don't have to write
something for s list but we can see here
that it's rather inefficient so what can
we do about it one thing is we can just
override what the boss says so of course
since we're a subclass we've talked
about how overwriting is possible and it
turns out in this case we can actually
write a print method in s list even
though it's already been implemented in
list 61 B and in this case we're really
in this case really overriding what the
boss set we're ignoring how the boss
does things we're gonna do things our
way because we trust ourselves so I'm
gonna say override here and then I say
public void print and now I'm gonna
think how do I print in a more efficient
way than going through and getting over
and over well actually what would make
more sense is stepping through the list
item by item and just printing as we go
and so we could do something like this
or say for node P equals Sentinel P not
equal to null P equals P dot next okay
the idea is I'm gonna go until the
pointer hits null and I'm gonna every
time I finish the loop I'm gonna step
forward one stack then I'll put system
dot out dot print well print out PE item
and we'll add a space that was a tiny
little bug here which is we don't
actually want to print out the sentinel
item we want to start at Sentinel dot
next but this code here should work and
so if I go to is a demo which I shall
prove to you that it's working by saying
I see the boss doesn't know what he's
doing so we'll do that first just to let
us know that this is actually running
and then when I go to is a demo and I
run this again
the boss doesn't know he's doing elk
dwell on existential crises okay so in
this case we're actually using this
print method and we know it's more
efficient because it's going to use each
node exactly once instead of iterating
over and over now one issue with this
that I want to bring up with override is
it's quite handy to have so let's
imagine that we had not put override and
instead of print we'd actually mentally
type to print this code will still
compile right it's okay to have a print
method nobody's gonna say no but now
when we call is a demo and we run the
code we'd actually use list 61 B's so
the error here is that we didn't
/ i if we had the override tag we would
have gotten a hint that said uh-oh this
isn't actually a override and we'd
realize oh I see
we misspelled friend so that's a nice
thing so this is our new better print
method you can always override it if you
want things to work about so here's a
question that I'd like you to ponder
just briefly recall that if X is a
superclass of Y then an X variable can
hold a reference to a Y so in other
words in English as an example if you
have a list 61b variable it can hold the
address of an S list so in the example
we've been running here we set s list
equals new s list now the question is
what happens if we change this to list
61b
is this gonna work so we'll compile we
already know that from before but the
question is which one of those print
methods do you think it's gonna call so
think about what you think okay so it
turns out that it will actually use the
one you want which is print in fact
let's try it out we run it and we get
the boss doesn't know what he's doing
elk dwell on existential crises that's
great and this is the sensible choice
and the question is how does it work
so this is it being a bit of an involved
talking topic so I'll move to the next
video but it's something that turns out
to be simpler than you might think so
often people find it confusing when
they're first letting Java knowing
exactly how to know when one's being
called for the other but we'll tease it
apart in the next thing